Namo Buddha Shakyamuni.
Dear fellow Buddhists in the
Golden Chrysanthemum Club, as well as Buddhists at
Ba
Vang Temple, on the 18th day of the lunar month, we often come to the temple to
practice the Eight Precepts.
Those who live far from the temple usually
observe the Eight Precepts from afar. Today,
a
friend asked
about the benefits of the Eight Precepts. The
friend's question is as follows: "Hello, Sister Yen. Could you
tell me what benefits the Eight Precepts bring
to a
Buddhist disciple?" You can find the answer in
the video about the Eight Precepts
by Master Thich Truc Thai Minh. He
explains the Eight Precepts very clearly because he explains them in detail. The
benefits of the Eight Precepts include: the cause
to lead sentient beings
to the end of suffering, that is, to escape the three realms (the desire realm, the form
realm, and the formless realm). That is, within the six realms of
reincarnation. Therefore, whoever receives the
Eight Precepts has the cause
to escape these three realms; the cause is observing the Eight
Precepts.  Observing the precepts of the Bodhisattva is truly liberation from the
cycle of rebirth. That's how you understand it.
When we observe the Eight Precepts, it's as
if we are leaving the world for
a day, meaning we are leaving the
worldly realm, the realm of afflictions, and the three realms.
That's what we call leaving
those things. So,
in observing the Eight Precepts, we
must observe: not killing, not stealing,
not lying, and not engaging in sexual activity—that is,
completely abstaining from sexual activity. This means not being attracted to or lustful beings, both within
ourselves and towards
others. Therefore, we must control
ourselves to master
our own sexual desires, preventing any
sexual activity with others. Then, we must
not be intoxicated. This is the precept against intoxication and
addiction. On the
day of observing the Eight Precepts, we are called not
drinking alcohol, not using
addictive substances. This is called the Fifth Precept. The
Sixth Precept is not adornment,
meaning we do not love our own bodies or the
bodies of others. The Seventh Precept is not
singing, watching, listening to, dancing, or making high beds.
This means
we should reduce our sensual desires, that is,
not listen to outside talk
about worldly matters, that is,
not listen to or dance, and
not be involved in worldly affairs,
and not desire or crave anything that might give
rise to lustful thoughts.
This is so that we can distance ourselves from
this world, from the world, and from the
people of this world. The final precept
is
not to
eat beyond noon, that is, to eat only one meal a day.
This is to
reduce our desires. Eating only one meal a day helps us
reduce the
desires in our bodies so that
we can easily practice. These are the precepts. As for the
benefits of these precepts, they are that they bring
us
merit and liberation from the cycle of birth and death.
Yen also added something that the other person
didn't ask about: the merit of the Eight
Precepts, when dedicated to
our normal activities, how much merit is gained? She
also said that
practicing the Eight Precepts for one day brings great merit.
So why is there such great merit?
Because we commit mistakes due to greed and desire,
so now we abandon greed and desire.
That is the greatest way to repent, and abandoning greed and
desire generates the greatest merit
and blessings. We can also use that merit to
dedicate to our actions, which will
bring benefits. Because having merit means
dedication, and dedication leads to
transformation. Therefore, the day of observing the Eight Precepts
is the day we become monks or nuns. It's
a day of great merit that
we can dedicate to our actions, which
is very good, dear friends. When people
make sincere vows, their karmic obstacles will
change, and their actions will also change.
Therefore, observing the Eight Precepts brings
liberation and benefits
in the present moment,
transforming one's karma. So, dear Buddhists,
we should observe the Eight Precepts because it is
very beneficial for us. I hope all fellow
practitioners will observe the Eight Precepts
because on that day, everyone who observes the precepts will feel peace.
[Music]
[Applause]